on his tail if he can just keep on the
foam of heaven we might have a word now
- dick Johnson and if you're listening
to us dip just tell us what you're doing
and whether you think you can keep up
with this big Chevy right in front of
you
are you receiving us dick Johnson
well we can certainly see dick whether
he can hear it I don't know
evergreen here dude can you hear us
I don't think will persist because he's
getting to breaking area we shouldn't go
through difficult battle going on in
front well be going to leaks and leaving
tomorrow cold
a bit because obviously John Harley
would have liked your blood knee but the
bracelet was blocked by the big dark
blue how the poor pass cheering when
they think the Big John's is about to
pass one of his arch rivals in the
marble old until the team back in the
Callaghan the picture by the way being
beamed up to the Prudential helicopter
flying above him to receive the picture
dick still talking to his pitch he's
linked up with them whether he can hear
us I don't know we might just try again
this is one part of the circuit where we
can't speak to him the safety if you're
listening dick johnson the track looks
very rough up towards this curve very
run levin fear sort of an accent off the
table in the cutting up here
yo Peter Harvey Harvey intern part of
the heels of given barber been passing
maneuver by Bartlett under brakes must
be enormous ly severe with the weight of
their car on the braking system
yes it would be the break star factor in
this race but please ruff be very
careful they can't afford the came in
too much Peter Jensen the Cadbury
Schweppes Commodore by the way has been
in and out of the pits twice with minor
troubles it's not doing him any good to
see me by the way in this pastel
unlawfulness up into seventh place
that'll be a great battle between those
two Japanese makes me Mantha rx-7 and
Allan Moffat and Miss Amy in the turbo
Bluebird the chopper whipping over the
mountain top setting itself up for more
great pictures and you'll be seen
throughout this Jack's 91,000 telecast
today pilot terry lee cameraman Doug
Hansen
Queensland our axilla
simply victory just me caffeine driver
very courteously Buddha lesson through
only three big guns are on their way
once again the beauty Johnson's car I
don't know whether you're listening to a
stick but there how are you on pace with
each pass how's the race going for you
at the moment
it's going well Mikey's not talk to us
at the moment goodness me he had the
legs in on John Harvey goodbye now we'll
have you try and pass him under brace
under the John player bridge so Harvey
canter Harvey has been relegated from
his birth position
Maxon fifth place and out Dick Johnson
has in his sights the Chevrolet Camaro
of Kevin Harvick running strongly at the
moment crowd well back behind them
we pulled in Harvey cast Harvey they
both put the exit to that corner and now
he moves in for the kill perhaps on
Kevin Bartlet although that VA Kabara
has plenty of grunt going up to the top
of the mountain and Harvey Specter put
the pressure on and take Johnson again
on the inside and Fred geyser who went
into the fence is now in the pits with a
Commodore that has a front that looks
like an old Volkswagen Beetle may be a
lot of work there come on the head of
the field Ellen rice now has a 2.5
second lead on Peter Brock and from
Brock back to Kevin Barth and it's 15
point oh five seconds Allan Moffat has
retaken cassini and assumed seventh
place again in the race and Alan Jones
in the seven psycho Oh No
now that was that the flag was waved you
may merge different kind of flag now it
was an instant something like that the
caustic Johnson this race two years ago
he came up there very bend it wasn't
truck on the circuit he went up like you
saw there the last moment and hits the
rock that put him out of the race though
that was almost a repeat of what
happened two years ago except thankfully
there was no rock on the circuit waiting
for dick John's but that was how fast he
was going that time you can imagine the
collision when he hit that rock two
years ago so just use your imagination
understand how big John felt in that
race back in 1980 well it happened just
then I was trying to say that Alan Jones
in the Seco seven rx-7 has moved up in a
tenth place for us that could be a
winning position going
will he'll be happy with it with Paulo
Alan Jones in a while because he is
absolute dynamite Susie's been there was
no start the driver at least